hey guys welcome to the first day of the
six days of bidness witness is basically
this thing I made up were for the next
six days i'll be uploading every single
day with a christmas-themed video
leading up to christmas day today I'm
going to show you how you can cheat your
Instagram photos during Christmas time
AK how you can trick people and
Instagram into thinking you're having a
fantastic time during the holidays even
if you really are having a great time
during Christmas these Instagram phones
will for sure seal the deal so let's get
started number one baking collages now I
know what you're thinking Tanya I'm too
lazy to bake oh wait stop there you
don't need to bake you just have to
pretend you're breaking remember to
include as many baking ingredients as
you can and most importantly a baking
tray maybe even put some flour on your
face for a bonus
number two ornament photos now don't be
like everyone else and take the same old
artsy ornament photo you want to be
different and how you may ask easy just
added Miley Cyrus on a silver ball and
boom you have a wrecking ball RT and
creative now that's worth liking number
three christmas tree selfies make sure
you wear something red green or just
plain old cushion see and make sure you
put on a Santa hat because the Santa hat
says hey look how festive on being and
look I'm having a blast no one even has
to know that you're going straight back
onto the couch onto YouTube right after
or number four just plain old Christmas
tree photos now you don't want to just
take a plain old photo of your Christmas
tree oh no you don't you have to somehow
incorporate yourself without taking a
selfie and you have to make it look like
you're having the most relaxing
Christmas night ever I suggest you take
some warm slippers and a mug of tea or
hot chocolate in with the tree lactose
intolerant don't like tea or hot
chocolate no problem just use water in a
dark mug no one will ever know maybe
even put on the fireplace to make it
even more cozy
number five a I'm decorating collage you
may not even be the one who decorated
your tree now you want to make a seem
like you did a great job so here's what
you do take some tinsel from the tree
wrap yourself around it and take a
selfie as if you did it then take
another photo of the finished product
and boom it looks like you decorated it
and lastly number six the Hey look how
cute I look while wrapping a present
selfie let's be real here wrapping a
present takes a lot of time effort and
of course talent but other you don't
need to know that you'd rather use your
time just eating food just take some
wrapping paper bows and whatever else
you can find that makes it convincing
all that you're actually wrapping a
present then take a selfie with maybe a
bow in your nose or some wrapping paper
around you to make a team as though
you're a skillful rapper
after its posted on Instagram take what
you really want to wrap and throw it
into a bag done so that's all for
today's video be sure you stay tuned for
tomorrow because I will be doing a
challenge with Ashley that's Christmas
themed and also look at the links down
below because I will have all the links
of all my business videos down there
when they explode I just sit elf load
but I've meant upload and if you thought
if any of these were funny you should
recreate the photo I took and put it on
instagram with the hashtag is scattered
Avenue so that I can see it so thanks
for watching subscribe like and comment
social media links down below and I'll
see you guys tomorrow the new business
video bye
I love Fred
you